Allow non-lowercase values in, font, font-family, Sass variables starting with `polaris`, Sass/CSS variables containing `font` (#49)
Shopify/stylelint-config-shopify: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [Unreleased]

> - Allow non-lowercase values in properties such as `font`, `font-family`, `--anything-with-font-in-its-name`, and Sass variables starting with `$polaris` ([#49](https://github.com/Shopify/stylelint-config-shopify/pull/49))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow non-lowercase values in properties such as `font`, `font-family`, `--anything-with-font-in-its-name`, or Sass variables starting with `$polaris` or containing `font` ([#49](https://github.com/Shopify/stylelint-config-shopify/pull/49))
```
